README.md, before:

# GreenFloor

GreenFloor is a long-running Python application for Chia CAT market making.

## Components

- `greenfloor-manager`: manager CLI for config validation, key onboarding, offer building/posting, and operational checks.
- `greenfloord`: daemon process that evaluates configured markets, executes offers, and emits low-inventory alerts.

## V1 Plan

- The current implementation plan is tracked in `docs/plan.md`.
- Operator deployment/recovery runbook is in `docs/runbook.md`.
- Syncing, signing, and offer-generation baseline: GreenFloor uses `chia-wallet-sdk` (included as a repo submodule) for default blockchain sync/sign and offer-file execution paths.

## Offer Files

- Offer files are plaintext Bech32m payloads with prefix `offer1...`.
- In `chia-wallet-sdk`, offer text is an encoded/compressed `SpendBundle` (`encode_offer` / `decode_offer`).
- Venue submission (`DexieAdapter.post_offer`) sends that exact offer text string as the `offer` field to `POST /v1/offers`.

## Offer Management Policy

- Every posted offer should have an expiry.
- Stable-vs-unstable pairs should use shorter expiries than other pair types.
- Explicit cancel operations are rare and policy-gated.
- Cancel is only for stable-vs-unstable pairs and only when unstable-leg price movement is strong enough to justify early withdrawal.
- Default behavior remains expiry-driven rotation instead of frequent cancel/repost churn.

## Quickstart

Bootstrap home directory first (required for real deployment):

```bash
python -m pip install -e ".[dev]"
greenfloor-manager bootstrap-home
```

Validate config and check readiness:

```bash
greenfloor-manager config-validate
greenfloor-manager doctor
```

Onboard signing keys:

```bash
greenfloor-manager keys-onboard --key-id <your-key-id>
```

Build and post offers:

```bash
# Dry-run preflight
greenfloor-manager build-and-post-offer --pair CARBON22:xch --size-base-units 1 --dry-run
# Publish (mainnet default; use --network testnet11 for testnet)
greenfloor-manager build-and-post-offer --pair CARBON22:xch --size-base-units 1
```

Check offer status and reconcile:

```bash
greenfloor-manager offers-status
greenfloor-manager offers-reconcile
```

Run the daemon:

```bash
greenfloord --program-config config/program.yaml --markets-config config/markets.yaml --once
```

## Environment Variables

Operator overrides (all optional):

- `GREENFLOOR_WALLET_EXECUTOR_CMD` — override the default in-process signing path with an external executor subprocess for daemon coin-op execution.
- `GREENFLOOR_OFFER_BUILDER_CMD` — override the default in-process offer builder with an external subprocess for manager offer construction.
- `GREENFLOOR_KEY_ID_FINGERPRINT_MAP_JSON` — JSON map for key ID -> fingerprint; normally injected from `program.yaml` signer key registry by daemon path.
- `GREENFLOOR_CHIA_KEYS_DERIVATION_SCAN_LIMIT` — integer derivation depth scan limit for matching selected coin puzzle hashes (default `200`).
- `GREENFLOOR_WALLET_SDK_COINSET_URL` — custom coinset RPC URL (overrides mainnet/testnet defaults).

Signer key resolution contract is repo-managed through `program.yaml`:
- `keys.registry[].key_id` must match market `signer_key_id`
- `keys.registry[].fingerprint` is required for deterministic signer mapping
- optional `keys.registry[].network` is validated against `app.network`

## V1 Notifications

V1 intentionally sends only one push notification type:

- low-inventory alerts for sell-side CAT/XCH assets.

Alert content includes ticker, remaining amount, and receive address.

Commit message:

Route signing coin/history reads through CoinsetAdapter
Replace direct SDK RPC client usage in signing and wallet coin lookup paths with CoinsetAdapter, defaulting to mainnet and supporting explicit testnet11 routing. Remove the legacy Coinset URL env var, add comprehensive adapter tests, and update docs/plan/progress/runbook/decisions to reflect the new architecture.

README.md, after:

# GreenFloor

GreenFloor is a long-running Python application for Chia CAT market making.

## Components

- `greenfloor-manager`: manager CLI for config validation, key onboarding, offer building/posting, and operational checks.
- `greenfloord`: daemon process that evaluates configured markets, executes offers, and emits low-inventory alerts.

## V1 Plan

- The current implementation plan is tracked in `docs/plan.md`.
- Operator deployment/recovery runbook is in `docs/runbook.md`.
- Syncing, signing, and offer-generation baseline: GreenFloor uses `chia-wallet-sdk` (included as a repo submodule) for default blockchain sync/sign and offer-file execution paths.

## Offer Files

- Offer files are plaintext Bech32m payloads with prefix `offer1...`.
- In `chia-wallet-sdk`, offer text is an encoded/compressed `SpendBundle` (`encode_offer` / `decode_offer`).
- Venue submission (`DexieAdapter.post_offer`) sends that exact offer text string as the `offer` field to `POST /v1/offers`.

## Offer Management Policy

- Every posted offer should have an expiry.
- Stable-vs-unstable pairs should use shorter expiries than other pair types.
- Explicit cancel operations are rare and policy-gated.
- Cancel is only for stable-vs-unstable pairs and only when unstable-leg price movement is strong enough to justify early withdrawal.
- Default behavior remains expiry-driven rotation instead of frequent cancel/repost churn.

## Quickstart

Bootstrap home directory first (required for real deployment):

```bash
python -m pip install -e ".[dev]"
greenfloor-manager bootstrap-home
```

Validate config and check readiness:

```bash
greenfloor-manager config-validate
greenfloor-manager doctor
```

Onboard signing keys:

```bash
greenfloor-manager keys-onboard --key-id <your-key-id>
```

Build and post offers:

```bash
# Dry-run preflight
greenfloor-manager build-and-post-offer --pair CARBON22:xch --size-base-units 1 --dry-run
# Publish (mainnet default; use --network testnet11 for testnet)
greenfloor-manager build-and-post-offer --pair CARBON22:xch --size-base-units 1
```

Check offer status and reconcile:

```bash
greenfloor-manager offers-status
greenfloor-manager offers-reconcile
```

Run the daemon:

```bash
greenfloord --program-config config/program.yaml --markets-config config/markets.yaml --once
```

## Environment Variables

Operator overrides (all optional):

- `GREENFLOOR_WALLET_EXECUTOR_CMD` — override the default in-process signing path with an external executor subprocess for daemon coin-op execution.
- `GREENFLOOR_OFFER_BUILDER_CMD` — override the default in-process offer builder with an external subprocess for manager offer construction.
- `GREENFLOOR_KEY_ID_FINGERPRINT_MAP_JSON` — JSON map for key ID -> fingerprint; normally injected from `program.yaml` signer key registry by daemon path.
- `GREENFLOOR_CHIA_KEYS_DERIVATION_SCAN_LIMIT` — integer derivation depth scan limit for matching selected coin puzzle hashes (default `200`).
- `GREENFLOOR_COINSET_BASE_URL` — custom Coinset API base URL for coin queries and `push_tx`; when unset, `CoinsetAdapter` defaults to mainnet and can be forced to testnet11 by network selection.

Signer key resolution contract is repo-managed through `program.yaml`:
- `keys.registry[].key_id` must match market `signer_key_id`
- `keys.registry[].fingerprint` is required for deterministic signer mapping
- optional `keys.registry[].network` is validated against `app.network`

## V1 Notifications

V1 intentionally sends only one push notification type:

- low-inventory alerts for sell-side CAT/XCH assets.

Alert content includes ticker, remaining amount, and receive address.
